https://codepen.io/Keyan2016/pen/poJpXrQ?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML? Gives meaning and reinforces the meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for? Hyper txt mark up language. Indicates things and marks them up where to place them for structure.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Special words used inside brackets or symbols.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is used for the title of the page or the header. Used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes name and value which equal together.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head>
    7. What is an id? A specific attribute to a value. Id gives a value to an symbol 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? <h1>
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? One time
    10. What is a class? Attribute to define equal styles.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? <div> 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Multiple times 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? addin a attribute to your source target such as a anchor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? Specifies an alternative text for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id? <h1 id="myHeader">MyGitHub</h1>
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div Section defines specific areas or section and div and marks the start and end of paragraphs
    17. What is CSS used for? To add design and color to the layout the html has been formatted to.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page By the CSS id selector
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? Selecting specific class attributes
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? By selecting or giving a E for human class.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Used to to select with a parent =child selector.
    23. The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    24. What is a pseudo selector? When you add a hover 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? add a <span>
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? space bar or 5px 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text transfor Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 1px p:hover{ black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? CSS universal selectors
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? adding *//
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? Type PWD
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? type or command ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm removes files
    34. Why should I use version control?  
    35. How often should I commit to github? as much as you can 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push, git init, git command
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. You fork the the git project, you add a TL as contributer, new pull request and add

    Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?  inline-block does not add a line-break after the element, so the element can sit next to other elements.
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? An absolutely positioned element is an element whose computed position value is absolute or fixed
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? By adding margins, padding, and width.
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default  Block, Inline and Inline-Block
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?  a box that wraps around every HTML element. It consists of: margins, borders, padding, and the actual content.
